Korey Wise, please stand.
In the matter of
the State of New York v. Korey Wise,
as to the count of attempted murder
in the second degree,
not guilty.
As to the count of rape
in the first degree,
not guilty.
-I told y'all he didn't do nothing.
As to the count of assault
in the first degree,
-guilty.
- No!
- What?
As to the count
of sexual abuse in the first degree,
-guilty.
No! No!
As to the count of riot
in the first degree,
guilty.
-You liar! You lied on me!
You liar! You lied on me! You lied!
Mama!
Hold it higher.
Turn profile.
-Huh?
-Profile.
-I... I don't know--
- Turn sideways.
No, keep the card facing me.
Damn, Porter! You back already?
Be it ever so humble,
ain't no place like home.
Hey, but make sure you put your boy
on that kitchen work.
You know what it takes.
You ain't saying nothing, big homie.
I got you.
You got me?
You a trip.
All right, everybody.
I'm going to assume you're all familiar
with the game Simon Says.
I'm Simon.
And Simon says
get butt-ass naked
and lift your nut sacks.
Don't look at me, motherfucker!
This is you.
Cool?
Yeah, thanks.
-Seven!
Let me know if there's anything
you can do for me.
Huh?
I said, let me know if there's anything
you can do for me.
-What you mean?
- I mean what I said.
It's not hard to figure out.
I don't know what you mean.
I'm not... I'm not supposed to be here.
Let's go!
-Seven!
♪ You heartbreaker ♪
- ♪ Wherever you're going... ♪
- Not this shit again!
Can't we have one goddamn night
without you fucking singing?!
-Shut the fuck up!
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
You think I'm playing?
You think I'm playing, really?
-Keep singing! Keep singing!
- Shut the fuck up!
-♪ The same rainbow's end ♪
- See you in the fucking yard!
♪ Waiting round the bend ♪
-♪ My huckleberry friend ♪
♪ Moon River ♪
-♪ And me ♪
Shut up!
Mama...
♪ Travel in style someday ♪
-♪ Dream maker ♪
- Nobody wanna hear that shit!
♪ You heartbreaker ♪
Kill that shit, man!
♪ Wherever you're going ♪
-♪ I'm going your way ♪
- Knock that shit off!
♪ Two drifters off to... ♪
Nigga, you still singing?
I told you to shut the fuck up!
♪ There's such a lot of world to see ♪
What, you think I'm fucking
playing with you, huh?
Huh?
Get your ass up!
Where you going?
Yo, mad respect, B!
KRS, he's holding it down, man!
Hey, man.
Hey, I don't mind you, man.
-Korey.
I know. Everybody know.
Seen the news and everything.
Crazy, man.
Yeah.
Crazy.
So where'd they put the other four dudes
that did the rape with you?
We ain't do that.
Shit.
You know, I ain't mean it like that, man.
I was just wondering, like, what happened.
Well, they went to juvie.
Somewhere, I don't even know.
All I know is...
I'm in here and they not.
I hate it here.
You can ask for a transfer.
-A what?
-A transfer.
-You can do that?
-Yeah.
I mean, all you gotta do is just,
like, write a letter.
I hear it takes, like, a year or two
sometimes or something.
But, hey, I mean,
somebody in the library
handles that stuff.
You just write a letter?
-Yeah.
Roll.
-Get going.
- All right.
See you later.
- Peace, bro. I'll get with you.
-Yeah.
Excuse me.
Whoa, where you going, little man?
- I was just going--
- You was just what?
-You kickin' with us!
- Where you from, man?
I'm from Schomburg in Harlem.
-Word?
-Yeah.
I heard Schomburg niggas hoes.
What?
-You a hoe, Korey?
-No, no, no, no. Look...
I don't want no problems.
-What?
-I said I don't want no problems.
You don't have to hurt me.
Yeah, you right.
We don't have to hurt you.
Come on, please.
Stop! Stop! Stop!
I said stop!
Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Apply the anesthetic twice a day.
Or you'll be back with an infection
and I ain't got nothing much for that.
They can't just do that.
Maybe...
I could talk to a guard or...
or a warden?
-Something?
-And the next time I see you,
you'll need way more than medicine.
What am I supposed to do? Just let...
let them do whatever they want to do?
Whatever?
The fuck am I supposed to say?
I just need help.
I helped you.
I did my job.
Now you're free to go.
Central Park.
Let me know
if you can do anything for me.
It's a long way down.
How you doing?
I'm surviving.
You know, surviving.
I was hoping I could see you before now.
I've been trying.
It is not easy getting
all the way out here.
-Okay, and there's a lot going on.
-I know.
-And it ain't easy--
-It's all good.
I just miss you.
But you're here now. You're here now.
Yeah.
How you holding up?
I've been better.
Anything I can do? Anything.
No, baby, there's...
nothing you can do.
Your brother been here to visit you?
Which one?
You know which one.
The only one that would come.
No.
Marci ain't come.
How is he?
I wouldn't know.
Maybe... Maybe he come with you
next time you come.
Maybe?
You tell him I asked.
You know that's not gonna happen.
What about Yusef?
I was thinking maybe
you could have Yusef write?
Imma have to work on that one.
You know me and his mama
ain't exactly the best of friends,
but maybe they'll let him do it
from his little boot camp.
What, um...
What is it like for you in here?
Hm?
I don't know. Weird.
You, um...
You sure you're okay?
Ain't nobody tried to hurt you in here,
have they?
They said if I'm good,
I can get off on parole.
That'd be good.
I'm good, Mama. I'm good.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm sorry to ask,
but can you put a little something extra
on my commissary account?
Mama, not much. Any little bit helps.
Ten, twenty. Just...
Just to add to my books.
Boy, I ain't got nothing to give you.
I ain't got it.
But, um...
I will work on that.
I'll make it easier.
I'll...
I'll write up a transfer.
I can get help from...
from the library.
I can write up a transfer
and I'll make it easier.
And you can come see me more.
Okay.
You cool?
You tell me.
I do what I can.
They're not fucking with you.
-Right?
-Not today.
-But they look a little hungry.
- Next time,
and there will probably be a next time,
despite me looking out,
ask for solitary.
Don't go to the infirmary.
Infirmary's for snitches.
Keep 'em coming.
And let me know what you need.
They went to juvie.
Somewhere, I don't even know.
All I know is...
I'm in here and they not.
Hm. You can ask for a transfer.
- A what? You can do that?
- Yeah.
I mean, all you gotta do is just, like,
write a letter.
I hear it takes, like, a year or two
sometimes or something,
but, hey, I mean...
I'll make it easier.
I'll write up a transfer.
I can get help from...
from the library.
I could write up a transfer
and I'll make it easier,
and you can come see me more.
I promise, Mama.
Y'all all together in juvie?
How you been, man?
Holding it down.
We know what you did to
that white woman in the park, you fucker!
Welcome to Attica, motherfucker!
I don't know what you
fighting it for, boy. This is happening!
Consider it a friendly welcome.
- Fucker!
- Taste of this every day
till you dead and you gone!
- Let go of me!
-Guard!
I know you're not supposed to be here.
Get the fuck out of here, Michaels.
What's going on, boys?
Newbie?
Do you need help?
I'm good.
He said he's good.
Was I asking you? Get to work.
Get him.
Oh, fuck me.
Shit. Jesus.
-Okay, we gotta get you to the infirmary.
No.
Hey. Hey, what's that?
They gonna kill me.
Put me in solitary.
Want to go downtown
with your buddy? You'll be right back.
Your moms will kill me if I don't, so...
You're a good friend, you know?
Sticking with your buddy.
- Pollo!
Chow.
Let's get you out of trouble, son.
Don't you wanna go home?
We can fix this.
- Pollo! Let's go in the park.
The only reason
that you got caught up in all of this...
is 'cause you went down there
to the station with him.
- Pollo! Let's go in the park.
I'll be fine.
Did you skip school?
On April 19th, 1989?
You're here to answer questions.
Answer the question.
What is it like for you in here?
A chin...
a mouth...
a nose...
a forehead...
back of the head...
long hair...
Hey, little bro.
Hey, Norman. What?
Every time you make that face,
it remind me of that time I caught you
skipping school. Remember that?
-Remember that?
Yeah.
Korey.
-Hey, big bro.
-Don't "Hey, big bro" me.
-You're supposed to be in school, man.
-I know, I know, I know. I...
Give me some of these chips.
I worry about you, Korey.
Why?
When you were a little kid,
do you remember what you told me
you wanted to be?
-Yeah, I remember.
-What?
A police officer,
because I... I like the uniform.
Most kids start out wanting to be
a doctor or teacher,
football player, police, whatever.
But when they don't learn the discipline
it takes,
they end up doing a job they hate.
Or worse, they end up on the street.
You want to end up
flipping burgers forever
or begging people
to let you sleep on their sofa?
No, I want a good life.
Well, guess what?
-Guess what?
-What?
You can do it.
Faggot.
How come everybody
always look at you like that?
They're blind to beauty, baby boy.
That's all.
They're blind.
So you been hearing me?
You gonna do better?
I promise.
Shake on it.
I love you, big bro.
I love you too, Korey.
Get cleaned up, okay?
And, uh, get dressed.
Chaplain wants to talk to you.
How long I been in here, anyway?
It's been a while, kid.
Been a good while.
We regret to inform you
that your brother has passed away.
Norman.
I'm afraid he was murdered last Tuesday.
Get the fuck out of my house!
You think I wanna fucking be here?
-I don't know where you wanna be!
-What are you fighting about now?
Your brother belongs in a crazy house.
Your brother wants to be your sister.
Your fucking sister?
You, boy...
you're crazy.
You're sick!
-I'm leaving. Done. I'm leaving.
-Why?
Go on. Go.
Mad 'cause I won't let him rip and run
in and up out of here
looking any old kind of way.
Look at him!
You're a fucking joke.
And everybody is laughing at you,
in your face and behind your back.
Korey, you know I ain't lying.
But I'm done with it.
I'm done losing businesses
and friends and everything
'cause of your twisted ass.
Go!
This is my house, Norman.
Marci! Okay? It's Marci!
Fuck, you won't ever
hear me call you that. Ever!
Norman!
-Norman,  Norman, Norman!
- Mama!
Mama, let's talk it out.
Let's talk it out.
It's not nothing to talk about. I'm done!
You are a sad woman, Mama. Sad!
Uh-uh.
Don't you fix your mouth
to tell me what I am.
You don't know me.
You don't know nothing about being me.
'Cause you got on my shit,
you think you know me?
What you know about being a mother?
With no help.
With nobody but yourself to depend on.
You don't know shit.
I know you're sad, Mama.
And I know nobody made you that way.
And I didn't make you sad,
you did that to yourself!
Miss me with the psychoanalysis, huh?
You dealing out the fucking house!
-Are you kidding me?
-Shut up!
You shut your filthy mouth, you demon.
Like I said, a sad woman.
At least I'm a real woman.
I'll see you soon. Okay?
Take care of yourself.
Promise?
I promise. I promise.
What about your stuff?
Just take what you want.
Get rid of everything else.
I'm done with everything here.
Except for you.
Uh...
I should call my moms.
Make sure she okay.
We're here to make sure
that you're okay, Korey.
-Me?
- Yes, we are here for you.
You're here for me.
Uh, nah, I'll be here forever, sir.
I'm not sure what you mean.
- If there is anything--
-I'm gonna be here forever, sir!
- All right.
-I don't know what you mean!
All right, come on. Let's go, kid.
-Come on.
-Don't touch me! Don't touch me!
You don't give a fuck about me!
- All right--
-Nobody give a fuck about me!
Nobody gives a fuck about me!
You don't give a fuck about me!
-Okay. All right.
- Fuck!
Fuck...
All right.
Look, calm down. Come on, calm down.
You gotta keep cool, kid. Come on.
All right, kid.
- Yo, man!
- It's fucking hot!
Yo, where the fuck is the air?
What the fuck, man?!
- I already put in the order.
- What?
You said that last week, guard!
I'm burning up!
Give me air!
Let's go in the park!
-Let's go! Hurry up!
-Come on, bro! Hurry up, let's go!
Let's go!
-I need some air!
- Wise, you okay in there?
Yeah.
Who's there?
It's Roberts.
The white one.
With the goatee.
My friend, the guard.
You brought me a...
a nice cool air conditioner?
Nah, something better.
Brought you some stuff to read.
That okay?
Yeah.
Man, you could bring me a...
a TV and Nintendo.
Nah.
Those, uh, video games are
robbing the youth of their ambition.
You stick to reading, all right?
-I get any letters or phone calls?
- I don't know, kid.
You know what? Let me check, all right?
Yeah. Thanks.
Thank you.
Passes it back!
He got three seconds!
Three, two... He spins, shoots!
But he was fouled!
You know how to play Solitaire?
It's a card game. It's a game.
You play it by yourself.
There's, uh...
I wrote up some instructions.
Thanks.
Any phone calls, letters or...?
Nothing yet, buddy.
You been reading?
Yeah, I been trying.
It's interesting stuff.
Chia seeds. Chia seeds.
-You know chia seeds are good for you?
-Okay.
Man, I'm thinking when I get out of here,
I'm gonna get myself a Chia Pet.
What?
A Chia Pet.
You don't know a Chia Pet? A Chia Pet.
You know...
♪ Ch-ch-ch-chia ♪
Yeah, yeah, like in the commercials.
Yeah.
Commercials.
Okay, kid.
Hey.
I like when you call me kid.
Imma bless you.
I'm gonna bless you when I get outta here,
I promise.
No. No, kid.
None of that.
- What's this?
-It's from Roberts.
-Roberts?
- Yeah.
CHIA MR. T
What happened?
You got demoted?
No.
That is the stuff you're gonna need
for your new job.
You're gonna be cleaning the day room
and all the areas around it, okay?
I don't know, man.
I can't go up there.
Them Nazis gonna hang me.
No, kid, you don't have to worry
about them.
Not while I'm around.
Okay?
I don't even know what to say.
Then don't say a thing.
Okay? Just don't make me regret it.
Why you so nice to me, man?
I got a boy back home.
If what happened to you
happened to him, well...
I'd want to know somebody's treating him
like a human being.
- Oh, yeah!
- Oh, let it blow!
Oh...
- Woohoo!
-Wait, wait, wait, wait...
Oh!
-Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Oh, shit!
Thank you, God.
Yo, my man.
Turn it back up.
Nah, I'm good.
Deaf or something? Shit's too loud, B.
Don't touch it again.
-What?
-I said don't touch it again.
-Man, fuck you!
-Fuck you!
- Fuck, man!
Hey!
Yo, what's this about, huh?
-What's this about?
- Don't know!
All I did was ask him to turn the TV down.
You know what, Reyes?
You're not even supposed to be here.
Get him up and get him out of here!
Get out!
Okay. Give us a second.
When is your parole hearing, hm? Hm?
-Tomorrow.
- Yeah, tomorrow.
Oh, but you're gonna look a lot uglier
by then, kid.
Just get some ice on it.
And some ibuprofen.
Honorable members of the parole board,
thank you for seeing me.
I never been in trouble
in my whole life, ever.
And when I get out,
I don't plan on starting no trouble,
'cause I'm a good person.
And I have no hard feelings for anybody
or the situation.
I just want to go home.
Are you prepared
to take full responsibility
and admit to the crimes in which
you've been found guilty?
Mr. Wise, until you are ready
to take responsibility for the crimes
in which you've been convicted,
this process cannot go further.
Whoa!
You look good.
I do, don't I?
- Yeah.
-You look...
I, um...
I gave my life to the Lord.
After Marci, I...
But, um...
God saved me.
He did that.
-I miss you, Mama.
- Wise!
-I miss you too, baby.
I miss you so much.
- Don't do it, Wise!
-You wanna give your life to the Lord?
-Pray for me, okay?
Okay, but listen--
Let me pray for you. We all have sinned.
Please come back as much as you can.
-Please come back as much as--
-Love your enemies, Korey!
-Please come see me! Please, Mama!
- Love your enemies!
Hear what I'm telling you? Pray for
your enemies! Bless those who curse you!
-And those who persecute you!
-Pray for those who persecute you!
-I love you!
They can't break you, Korey!
-They can't break you, Korey!
-They're gonna kill me!
Korey, I love you!
Come see me more!
Please, see me more! See me more!
Come on.
Floors ain't gonna mop themselves.
There's no library here.
How do I do a transfer?
You want a transfer?
Yeah.
I want to see my mom.
She don't come here no more.
It's hard for her.
Look, kid...
you can ask for a transfer,
but it's a crapshoot.
You might end up close,
but you also might end up
25 minutes further away in Wende.
No. No way.
My bad luck been used up.
Now these are
the first fire trucks arriving in Waco...
a community that has been on the map
in a way that it did not want to be
necessarily.
David Koresh of the Branch Davidians...
- Guard! Help! Guard!
- Fuck him up!
Guard! Guard! Guard!
- Get up!
-Guard!
-No!
- Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Guard!
Get that motherfucker!
Finish him off!
BP dropping.
Hanging a bag.
-Suction's ready.
-We're gonna help you breathe, okay?
-You're gonna start breathing soon.
- Saline onboard.
Okay, here! Look! Pressure,  right here.
You're not supposed to be in here.
How long you figure he's out for?
Full CBC.
If this kid is able to walk
and chew food without pain in a month,
-we'll know he's on God's side.
How you doing, Wise?
Healing up, I see.
Doc said it was gonna take
divine intervention
for you to be walking in a month, but...
look at you now.
A goddamn miracle.
I have a confession.
When I first heard the famous man
from the Central Park Five thing
was coming to Wende,
I couldn't contain my excitement.
I couldn't wait to meet you.
I even had a welcome committee
ready for you.
Anyway, now that I've had the pleasure,
I want to let you know
that we don't have stars here.
We don't care how famous your case is
or if you've been on TV.
We don't take the uppity niggas in here.
So, a lot of people don't feel
you belong around here at all.
You bring too much attention.
With that said, Mr. Wise,
you have the right to leave
segregated confinement.
You're not being forced to stay here.
You do have a choice.
I hope for your sake
you make the right one.
I'm staying here.
Hm.
Wise choice.
Get it?
I'm staying here.
I'm gonna stay.
-I thought you wasn't hungry.
-I'm hungry now.
Okay, I said, "Baby, you hungry?"
You said, "No, Korey."
I know what I said, Korey.
There you go, taking all my food.
Yo!
Pollo! Let's go! We're going to the park!
Come on, right now! Let's go, hurry up!
- I thought you was hungry.
-I better look out there.
-No, Korey! For real, Korey?
- Let's go!
Ain't got time for your love life, man!
Let's go! Hurry up!
I'm staying here.
I'm staying.
-For real?
-Yeah.
I'm staying. I'll get with you later.
- Whatever, man.
-Keep your head up.
What?
You fell in love, huh?
Now you're forgetting about your boys.
-Aah! Aah! I can't hear you. Go!
- Whatever, man. Peace out!
Yo, peace, baby boy!
Wise choice.
- Hm.
-Get it?
-Korey Wise?
- Never heard that before.
-Never heard that one before.
Shut up.
So...
what's the plan?
Oh, what's the plan? What's the plan?
The plan is me and you, little lady.
Whatever you wanna do.
- Hm?
- Mm-hm.
Like whatever-whatever?
Like whatever-whatever.
Whatever-whatever.
Whatever-whatever, baby.
Oh, shoot. Okay.
Um, so take me to, um...
Coney Island.
- Yeah?
-Mm.
Your wish is my command.
Come on, Korey.
Hi.
Let's go.
- Wait, for real?
-Come on!
-Baby, for real? For real?
-Yeah!
Faster!
-Woohoo!
Can I kiss you?
Get up.
Parole hearing.
Can I get cleaned up first?
What for?
Just tuck in your shirt
and wipe the boogers out your nose
and let's get this over with.
Mr. Wise, welcome back.
Are you prepared to admit your guilt
in the crimes
of which you have been proven guilty?
- Oops.
Guess you're gonna be staying with us
for a while, huh?
And they say justice is dead.
Fifteen.
Fuck you!
I hate this fucking prison!
And everybody in it!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
In the matter of
the State of New York v. Korey Wise...
Fuck the cops! Fuck the police!
Fuck the judges!
You lied on me! You lied on me!
To the count of assault
in the first degree...
-No!
- Fuck this whole goddamn house!
-Get the fuck out of my house!
- Guilty.
You think I wanna fucking be here?
-I don't want to be here!
- To the count of assault...
As to the count of sexual abuse
in the first degree:
guilty.
-Mama!
- Guilty!
I know you tried to be a good mom!
I know you tried to be a good mom.
Thank you for saying that.
Sometimes all you could do
is try your best.
I'm sorry...
I wasn't what I should've been.
I wanted to be...
a lot of things.
But I couldn't reach any of it.
Drugs was easier.
Ignoring you boys in real life...
that was easier.
But being scared for you...
that gave me something to ask God for
and mean it.
Mm, don't cry, baby.
Oh...
I'm good, Mama.
It's all good.
Roberts?
Roberts, that you?
You're gonna wanna see this, kid.
Now, it may be
that something fell off the building.
It may be that something has fallen.
We don't know, to be perfectly honest,
but that is what you're looking at...
You gotta stay awake.
That's the scene at this moment.
Stay living, stay awake.
We gotta live while we can, you know?
The whole side has collapsed?
The whole building has collapsed.
The whole building has collapsed?
The building has collapsed.
♪ Living in a world ♪
♪ So cold, so crowded ♪
♪ Fighting for your soul ♪
♪ Don't you ever doubt it ♪
♪ You know it's true ♪
Uh...
-Can I get toilet paper?
-♪ Won't take much to wake up the beast ♪
-Cup of noodles.
-♪ In you ♪
-Uh, cookies.
-♪ You know when I'm drinking ♪
♪ All I need is a drink ♪
♪ And I can't take no more ♪
♪ Sitting in the middle ♪
-♪ No ♪
♪ Sitting in the middle, no ♪
Wise.
Time for your parole hearing.
Let's move.
No, thank you. I'm good.
What do you mean, you're good?
I don't need to go.
You're saying you're not going
to your parole hearing?
Yeah. Tell 'em I'm maxing out.
If they don't wanna hear my truth,
I don't want to waste my energy.
♪ Easy come, easy go ♪
♪ Always seems sunny ♪
♪ On the other side of the road ♪
♪ You know it's true... ♪
Yo. Wise.
You're Korey Wise, right?
Who wanna know?
You don't remember me.
Matias Reyes from Attica.
Yeah. Attica.
I remember.
You still telling the world
you're innocent?
What's this about, man?
Nothing.
I just wanted to apologize for the...
the TV thing in the day room and all that.
It's all good.
It's good.
I ain't got no problem with you.
Thank you.
Your acceptance means a lot to me.
Are you religious, Korey?
Religious?
That's what this is about?
You trying to convert me?
You have hope...
and faith in you.
And you held onto both.
Good for you.
He pulled me out of a discovery hearing,
said it's urgent?
-Ms. Ryan.
-Mr. Morgenthau.
A con named Matias Reyes
requested an appointment with authorities
in the facility where he is serving life
for the rape and murder
of Lourdes Gonzalez.
She was pregnant at the time.
He poked her eyes out
with a butter knife.
Her kids were in the next room listening.
He's just admitted
to brutalizing a jogger.
It's the jogger case, Nancy.
-Jogger case...
-In the park.
-Trisha Meili, 19--
-89.
It's yours now.
When I first saw her,
I decided...
I just decided to attack her.
To...
take everything that she had, to rape her.
I followed her...
"stalked her" I guess they call it.
Did you beat her?
Yes.
Did you rape her?
Did you leave her for dead?
Yeah, I thought she was gonna die.
There wasn't a lot of people
out on that path.
I saw her coming by...
I saw her body...
I run up behind her
and hit her over the head,
-but she wasn't unconscious yet.
Did you use a weapon in the attack?
There was a branch.
It was pretty big.
"In the earliest hours
of this whole thing,
Fairstein acknowledged the track marks
being where one person pulled in another.
'This is where he pulled her in,'
she said."
Those clearly aren't the marks
of five people.
When did the theory change?
I was there when it changed.
I beat her with my fists.
Then she was trying to run away,
so I picked up a rock.
-Shut the fuck up!
Was she conscious?
Barely.
It was like someone's nose is broken
or something.
Her blood is trickling out.
It's a hard sound, like hard to breathe.
She was making that sound
when I left her there.
- It was cold. She was bad.
I thought she was gonna die any minute,
so I left.
The real perp was walking through the park
with her Walkman on,
and drenched in blood.
No cop looking for the other kids
brings him in.
You believe that?
-That's what he's telling you.
-Yeah, that's what he's telling us.
Well...
Are you telling me you really believe
this guy's making it all up?
Hey, you know what?
Prison gets really boring.
These people make shit up
just for attention.
Trisha Meili was violated in April 1989.
That summer, you'll remember
there were a series of rapes
that terrorized the city. Four.
Matias Reyes was arrested
in August 1989.
Confessed to those, straight out.
That case and the jogger case
shared the same judge,
the same prosecutor,
and the same detective: you.
And... you never made the connection
that the MOs were identical?
No one even asked him about the jogger.
If they had,
he would have admitted that one too.
Instead, you let the statement
you got out of the five boys stand,
even though they knew no details,
no locations,
even though the track marks didn't match,
the timeline didn't match.
-Nothing matched.
-They gave statements that I believed
were true.
You squeezed statements out of them
after 42 hours of questioning
and coercing,
without food, bathroom breaks,
withholding parental supervision.
The Reid technique
has been universally rejected.
That's truth to you.
I don't know
what the fucking Reid technique is.
-Okay? I know what I was taught.
I know what I was asked to do
and I did it.
Okay? They knew something.
You don't confess to something
you don't know about.
They knew something.
They put themselves there
and they paid the price.
And that guy that confessed,
he's the sixth guy.
Okay? We missed a guy.
Okay? The fuck?
Why do you think Wise
and Matias Reyes had that squabble
all those years ago?
Why do you think that was?
They were fighting over this.
They were fighting over
who's gonna take the fucking fall.
And the only reason
that Reyes is talking now
is because he wants
a better cell assignment.
He wants the perks of attention,
and you, sweetheart,
are giving it to him.
So don't let these animals fool you.
Justice was fucking served.
Is everything you told me today true?
Yes.
And for all of the events,
as you've described them in detail
from start to finish,
were you alone?
Yes.
Were you aided by anyone?
No.
Was anyone with you in preparing
for the attack in question?
-No.
-Was anyone with you in preparing
-for the assault in question?
-No.
Was anyone with you
during the assault in question?
No.
I did this.
We all have to pay for our sins.
I sinned, bad.
I deserve to pay for mine.
I deserve the time,
I deserve anything that happens.
That's me.
Hook me up to machines, take my blood,
whatever you need to do.
I'm ready to pay for mine.
You got somebody else paying for mine.
Nobody else should be paying for mine.
I'm certainly surprised
by this invitation.
I'm surprised to be making it.
I'm here as a courtesy.
Oh, courtesy is the last thing
you're here for.
You're here to gloat.
But it doesn't matter.
You've simply identified a sixth rapist.
I always said there may be more.
Yeah, you said that to cover
because you knew you coerced those boys
into saying what they did.
They said what they said freely.
They confessed.
I actually think you've convinced yourself
of that.
It doesn't really matter what you think.
There's a police commission report
coming out in a matter of days
that maintains that the five did it,
and that Reyes is simply
the one that got away.
It's a 43-page report
compiled by three lawyers
named by the commissioner.
It's the police department
investigating itself.
Linda...
we pored over your confession tapes.
We reconstructed the events of that night
minute by minute.
-I know what was done.
-Oh, you know nothing.
I know we have a DNA match on Reyes.
His DNA was all over every article
of clothing and physical sample
we had of her. Under fingernails,
where she fought him.
The blood on her was from him.
It was him.
Only him.
Well, that simply confirms
that Reyes ran with that pack of kids.
He stayed longer
when the others moved on.
Final Jeopardy.
Likely To Die.
Cold Hit.
And the newest one...
The Dead-House.
While you were writing crime novels,
Kevin, Antron, Yusef, Raymond, and Korey
were serving time for crimes
they didn't commit.
I watched...
while more than 30 detectives did
a brilliant investigation.
We got justice for a woman
who was violated in the most gruesome way.
We got justice for a woman who was used
and thrown away like garbage.
Those boys did that.
We helped make sure
they got what they deserved.
And I'll be damned if I'm gonna lose
a wink of sleep over it.
And it's too bad you are.
Thank you for buying the books.
Enjoy.
Let's go. Get yourself together.
Come with me.
Whoa, wait, wait, wait. Who died?
Hello?
Korey, it's Mama.
Mama.
Korey, can you hear me? It's Mama.
Yeah, yeah, Mama. What's up?
Somebody loves you.
-What?
-Somebody loves you, baby.
You getting out!
Mama, wait, wait, slow down.
What are you talking about?
Korey, listen to me.
The man who did it,
the man who actually did it confessed.
He confessed.
Oh, I been praying for this day.
You free.
You coming home.
My baby coming... You coming home.
No.
Betrayed by this city,
these men were just boys
when they were wrongfully accused
and wrongfully convicted.
- Tron, you up?
-Yeah, cuz, what's up?
Yo, your lady up?
She asleep, man, what's up?
You heard the news, man?
Yo, turn on the TV!
They were finally freed
not because justice was pursued,
but because somebody came forward
to tell the truth.
If the police had done their job
at any point in these last 12 years,
-if the prosecutors,
- Kev!
- Kevin!
-if the press had done their job,
not only would five young lives
not have been destroyed,
but many women would not
have been subjected...
-This about you, right?
-...to the violence by the actual rapist.
The District Attorney announced today
-the men known as the Central Park Five
will be exonerated of all crimes,
based on eyewitness confessions.
The real criminal was free
to rape, and even kill,
while the police and prosecutors
and puppets like Donald Trump
patted themselves on their fat backs.
But we didn't give up on these men.
The community didn't give up,
Reverend Al didn't give up,
Congressman Perkins didn't give up,
Michael Warren and all the attorneys
didn't give up,
my late husband Elombe Brath
and I didn't give up,
and these families...
these families never gave up.
We are so proud
to welcome these men, we're so proud,
as they are finally awarded
the proper settlement for their damages...
as their records are cleared
and they're fully exonerated
for the lies told about them...
as they step in fully forward
into the light of their lives,
despite what this city and this country
has done to them
and millions like them for generations.
Now, Harlem,
now you know how we do things, right?
Please, Harlem, help me.
Help me, family.
Help me give a warm welcome...
Antron McCray...
Kevin Richardson...
-Raymond Santana Jr...
Yusef Salaam...
Mama.
...and Korey Wise.
Hi, baby.
My baby!
Yeah.
How come you always hungry?
How come you never hungry?
'Cause I eat at lunch. At school.
-That's why.
- Mm.
Mm! Look at me.
Well, now, I was waiting for you
to get out of school
so we could eat together.
Everything better with you.
Okay, I said, "Baby, you hungry?"
You said, "No, Korey."
I know what I said, Korey.
There you go, taking all my food.
- Hey, man.
- Yeah.
I'll... I'll take some lunch, please.
♪ Moon River ♪
♪ Wider than a mile ♪
♪ I'm crossing you in style someday ♪
♪ Oh, dream maker ♪
♪ My heart breaker ♪
♪ Wherever you're going ♪
♪ I'm going that way ♪
♪ Two drifters ♪
♪ Off to see the world ♪
♪ There's such a crazy world to see ♪
♪ We're all chasing after all the same ♪
♪ Chasing after our end ♪
♪ Moon River ♪
♪ Wider than a mile ♪
♪ Crossing in style someday ♪
♪ My dream maker ♪
♪ Heart breaker ♪
♪ Wherever you're going ♪
♪ I'm going the same ♪
♪ Two drifters ♪
♪ Off to see the world ♪
♪ There's such a crazy world you'll see ♪
♪ We're all chasing after our end ♪
♪ Chasing after our end ♪
♪ Life's just around the bend ♪
♪ My friend ♪
♪ Moon River ♪
♪ And me ♪
♪ There's the will of the phoenix ♪
♪ In your heart ♪
♪ Wings outstretched ♪
♪ Your head is raised to the sky ♪
♪ Your time has come ♪
♪ To take flight ♪
♪ Singing a song filled with hope
Of faith ♪
♪ Casting the darkness behind it ♪
♪ Mending a moment so we may witness ♪
♪ Turning and feeling the soul ♪
♪ Winding and turning, pushing, pulling ♪
♪ Playing a steady profession ♪
♪ Home in a moment
Blink and it's over ♪
♪ Turning and feeling the soul ♪
♪ Singing a song filled with hope,
Of faith ♪
♪ Casting the darkness behind it ♪
♪ Mending a moment so we may witness ♪
♪ Turning and feeling the soul ♪
♪ In your heart
There's the will of the phoenix ♪
♪ Head raised up to the sky ♪
♪ Soaring from the remains of an ending ♪
♪ With no reason to fly ♪
♪ Fly, fly, fly ♪